► Re-arranged mod configuration files to add the description above the Filesystem section.
► Fixed paths being called as 'illegitimate' due to an incorrect cast.
► Fixed Field of View patch being forced on with the PlayStation 3 version.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.1

► Sonic '06 Mod Manager now installs the GameBanana registry key per user on the computer.
► Fixed Mod/Patch Editor not allowing content renaming.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.09

► Sonic '06 Mod Manager now checks if the Game Executable exists and isn't null before uninstalling content.
► Added support for command line arguments when launching emulators.
► Fixed crash if the Game Executable is empty.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.08

► Added support for custom Xenia builds.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.07

► Fixed 1-Click Installer not extracting 7Z/RAR files.
► Added language modifier to the Emulator section.
► Added descriptions to all options in the Emulator section.
► Fixed ARC repacker not cleaning up temporary data.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.06

► Fixed camera tweaks being reset on launch.
► Moved the install and play buttons outside of the Mods section.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.05

► Added new functions to the patch engine.
► Added support for PlayStation 3 executable patches.
► Patches now support any executable.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.04

► Fixed crashes for PlayStation 3 compatible tweaks.
► Disabled UI elements that are incompatible with the PlayStation 3 version.
► Fixed the Patch Editor erasing functions upon editing.
► Fixed the patch updater crashing if there's an empty line in the repository information.
► Added system specifications to snapshots.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.03

► Added snapshots for developer debugging.
► Fixed mod uninstallation clashing with patch uninstallation.
► Fixed XEX not being backed up when using a custom Field of View.
► Improved the ignore list for patches.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.02

► Now checks if Java is installed before applying patches and/or tweaks that require it.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.01

► Added an option to disable mod uninstall on launch.
► Added checks to Rename and RenameByExtension patch functions.
► Fixed accent colour not applying to selected sections on launch.
► Fixed colour inheriting from Windows not allowing new colours until two attempts.

Sonic '06 Mod Manager - Version 3.0

► Sonic '06 Mod Manager has been completely rewritten.
► Entirely new user interface.
► Easier to use.
► It's still a Mod Manager.